---
name: Session 04
title: Intro to Machine Learning: Classification, Differentiation and Object Detection
dates:
  - 2018-02-28
draft: false
---

-   Machine Learning 0
    -   "Features"
    -   Introduction to Machine Learning
        -   Learning modalities
            -   Supervised vs. Unsupervised Data
            -   Generative vs. Discriminative Models
        -   "Deep" Learning
        -   Convolutional Neural Networks
            -   Convolutional Filters
                -  [Demo](http://setosa.io/ev/image-kernels/)
    -   Dimension Reduction and Visualization (e.g. PCA, TSNE)
        -   TSNE
            -   Don't [Misread](https://distill.pub/2016/misread-tsne/)



-   Machine Learning 1
    -   Object Recognition with existing Networks (e.g. Face _detection_).
    -   Object Differentiation (e.g. Face _recognition_).




- Memory
  - Stack vs. Heap
    - Stack: used for static memory allocation
      - fast, is automatically freed when the items go out of scope.
      - kept locally as values
    - Heap: used for dynamic memory allocation
      - pretty fast, items are not automatically freed when they go out of scope.
      - returns pointers to memory
    - Watch out for ...
      - Working with pointers to things in the stack ... "dangling pointers"
        - e.g. ... returning a pointer or a reference to a local value in a function.
        - e.g. ... using a pointer to a member inside of a class that is deleted.

  - Dynamic Memory Allocation
    - `new` must be paired with `delete`
    - `new` for an array, must be paired with `delete[]`
    - Tip: Be suspicious of the `new` keyword and make sure it has its paired `delete` ...
  - Smart Pointers
    - `std::unique_ptr<class T>` a unique pointer that can't be copied, only moved (via `std::move`).
      - To create, use `std::make_unique<class T>(... The constructor args for class T ...)`
    - `std::shared_ptr<class T>` a shared pointer that allows dynamic allocation of resources and calls `delete` internally when there are no more references.
      - To create use `std::make_shared<class T>(... The constructor args for class T ...)`
    - Using `std::make_shared` and `std::make_unique` simplifies the operation and removes any lingering suspicions aroused by the with the `new` keyword ...
  - Read Only memory
    - `const`
    - `const &`
  - Value vs. Pointer vs. Reference
- C++ Collections and Containers [ref](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container)
  - Iterators
    - `iterator` vs. `const_iterator` vs. `reverse_iterator` vs. `const_reverse_iterator`
    - `std::begin()`, `std::end()`
    - Members
      - `begin()`, `end()`, `rbegin()`, `rend()`, `cbegin()`, `rcbegin()`, `rcend()`.
  - Types
    - Sequence Containers []
      - `std::array<class T, std::size_t N>` [ref](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/array)
      - `std::vector<class T>` [ref](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/vector)
    - Associative Containers
      - `std::set<class T>` [ref](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/set)
      - `std::map<class Key, Class T>` [ref](http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/map)

      ```
      auto it = m.cbegin();
      while (it != m.cend())
      {
        if (must_delete)
        {
          it = m.erase(it);
        }
        else
        {
          ++it;
        }
      }
      ```
---
