---
layout:     assignment
categories: assignment
title:      Assignment 05
permalink:  /assignments/05
subtitle:   Project / Assignments
author:     bakercp
date:       2017-03-14 00:00:00 -0600
due:        2017-03-21
---

1. Recreate the `01_SerializationWithJSON` example to create a version that uses XML.
    - Instead of serializing with `ofJson` save and load the strokes with `ofXml`.
    - In slight contrast to the example `openFrameworks/examples/input_output/xmlExample`, we want our XML to have the following format (as discussed in class)

```
<strokes>
  <stroke>
    <point>
      <x>100</x>
      <y>200</y>
    </point>
    <point>
      <x>101</x>
      <y>202</y>
    </point>
    // ...
  </stroke>
  <stroke>
  //...
  </stroke>
</strokes>
```

2. Read
  - [http://www.r2d3.us/visual-intro-to-machine-learning-part-1/](Visual Intro to Machine Learning)

3. What is a ...
  - "Feature" ([a rough idea](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feature_(machine_learning)) (another nice simple [article](https://nudgr.io/blog/building-a-machine-learning-product-data-and-features/)) Basically a feature is a directly measurable, calculable or observable property of a datum or phenomena to be classified. Choosing useful features is difficult. Good features or combinations of features help differentiate between different pieces of data.  
    - What are some "features" that might be used to classify / group students in a school?
    - What are some "features" that might be used to classify an email as spam?
    - What are some "features" that might be used to classify a painting as masterful?
  - "Feature vector" [a rough idea](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feature_vector))
  - "Feature space"

4. When we process an image using the ofxCcv neural network, what is produced?

5. When submit the outcome of the ofxCcv to ofxTSNE, what is produced?

6. When we submit the output of ofxTSNE to ofxAssignment, what is produced?

2. Example Explorations
  - Compile and run all examples from ofxCv.
  - Compile and run all examples from ofxTSNE.
  - Compile and run all examples from ofxAssignment.

4. Make your own TSNE visualization.  Building from the image grid example in `ofxTSNE`, submit a large collection of your own images (either personal or downloaded from the internet) to the process.
